update dashboard community deployment (#1907)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard-ent/4.cluster-operator/cluster-information/job-management.md

    How to run jobs, see [Job manager and the JOB statements](../../../3.ngql-guide/4.job-statements.md).

## Prerequisites

> - NebulaGraph Enterprise Edition 3.4.0 and above supports job management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The job management feature is only available in NebulaGraph Enterprise Edition 3.4.0 and above versions
```

> - NebulaGraph Community Edition 3.3.0 and above supports job management.

Reviewer: ditto
